I should say you know we're back we went
for a walk what's up guys
stream has started what's up we're gonna
put it on we're gonna do multiple
cameras
um look I want to apologize for you know
uh I Heart to Heart a few
um a few days ago there's a stream it
was turned on without my knowledge and
it caught me with my pants down not
literally but almost literally so like I
had
um
and I want to apologize about that
[Music]
yeah so what what's happening right now
is um on in is setting up the uh
actually is this a display though oh
but you have an you have an HDMI so just
steal from the this thing perfect
oh let's go oh I have a box full of just
different
um what is that AV
but it's okay I'm gonna steal this one
yep uh grab the um grab either julius's
desk chair or the electric uh well like
the the small station chair yeah yeah
this is too bulky here yeah I'm gonna
move that out a little bit you got this
though right yeah okay
uh yeah it's such a painy ass I don't
want to deal with this well definitely
not gonna
get it out of that wrapper thing yeah
actually what I'm gonna do is just
unplug it I'm not even gonna unplug it
actually I'm just gonna leave it in
and what I don't know if you can do that
yeah I mean yeah you can switch displays
you can switch which sources yeah
so let's
do you know if you're are you on
DisplayPort one are you plugging an HDMI
yeah HDMI one perfect okay what are the
resolution on these things
um this monitor is incredible it's 4K 32
inch I'm so happy with it this one was a
lot cheaper and I thought I was getting
a good deal I bought it second
the one on the left is like 800 this
one's like 400. I don't like this
monitor okay I heard one as much yeah I
mean it's gonna be way the latency there
was literally it'll be way better dude
that that latency was 200 million that's
not horrible dude that is amazing
oh well yeah you're working with your
hand tie behind your back yeah
all right
[Music]
um
my computer is kind of Linux is kind of
stupid but like when it comes to
displays yeah because still thinks I'm
connected to this other display oh right
uh okay well I'll just unplug it uh yeah
that'd be huge thank you
um
okay
should be good now yep thank you
I would not have guessed to know that I
I was like oh it's switched so there's
no way what do you mean like it's
already switched on yours so like it
should know and I I didn't even figured
to have a plug that would fix it yeah
all right I'm gonna grab your list
Harley you're gonna have to watch out
watch out Harley
oh I'm so happy right now
too
[__] yes dude
it's time to free to pee so what do you
want me oh it's a look at the OBS can I
do it like using apt-get or whatever uh
you probably could but I'll just go to
the website to see how they recommended
the install that's
I mean it's used by like like so many
people that they're
perfect
what's flat Hub never heard of it oh
there's probably oh you know what it
probably is so many distros have
implemented package managers that flat
Hub is probably a unified
um I want to look that up actually
let me switch my display capture
to Dell
do I have flat Hub though
um good question
uh okay wait hold on I gotta do this
though
beautiful
I mean I would just click the uh oh
there you go wait yeah wait what is that
I have this okay oh it's just like a
Kodak Library probably oh [__] yeah
it's funny that you have a bunch of like
you haven't tried any other uh no I mean
I thought about doing
dude how do I delete Julia from my
system kidding
I can show you pretty easy
I'm sure this
how do you install it you do sudo app no
no no the the apps is not the right way
to install it how'd you do it then
um
because Debian and a whole bunch of
other people try to like they try to
like hijack a bunch of system libraries
and so we just need to ship our own but
they try to overwrite which where it
links and it's really annoying so the
way that I installed Julia is by going
to this place called Julia up it's this
Library it's this rust Library which
actually really sick and it's just like
the rest install look at this
you just curl and pipe at the Shell so
it's a shell that's great and then this
is actually a version manager so let me
just open up my terminal oh it's just
like NVM for node
you know
that but so like
yeah it's not too important
um I'll equip this
you have too many things
plus you need to before you start
streaming you need to close everything
like that
because I mean you have worked stuff on
like you can't you have to be really
careful about that
really yeah
I mean maybe I'm a little too paranoid
but I think
you should
simplify
all right so let's look at this Disaster
Date I guess
um
but I just said drop nothing
oh wait okay I'm gonna do it
whoa
Soviet Union what the [__] is this what
are we looking at disaster data
what happened
what the [__] is this
what is that 5 million
five million people died
where did I get this data from
let's see
beautiful website
what happened in 1930 in the Soviet
Union
all right whatever I'm not gonna do that
one hydrological flood Belgium 1906.
is this DM or DF
oh no China 1931.
dude this is a genuinely funny video I
don't I feel like misunderstood
sometimes
foreign
um
hmm
you're making a a Twitch account right
now making a new account so I can re-log
into AWS
and get free to p on AWS I'm I'm going
to be a little hard on that we really
should do AWS I know it well give me
this yeah I'm down to do that okay yeah
it literally doesn't affect
the only reason Azure is big but I do
the OBS thing first I want you to get
something I did I just don't want to
stream with my credentials around no no
here's what I do here's what I do you
you do this you hot I mean people have
actually stream decks have you seen
stream decks
no it's basically a little keyboard here
but you can bind the keys to do things
on OBS so you can like turn off display
one mute that kind of it's like a radio
show like you have buttons to like
control what's going on but fine once
this is set up
you should start streaming okay
because
content is [__] King man
we gotta
wait what
foreign
I'm just using this from
what if I just did this
um
I love you guys internet
it's pretty great
up speed can be a little bit better but
okay no let's see upload I mean you just
can't get it for residential it's fine
I don't want to file this issue guys I
really don't
oh yeah it's called structural editing
the tea is probably hot actually it's
probably cold by now but I don't really
need tea so yeah I'm good
good reminder though
did Chris Everett loves emacs
interesting in future knowledge and
updates if you
uh you can more easily
um do interesting navigation and editing
techniques on code itself so one of
these patches has been around for a long
time it's called part and uh there is a
I think a pretty complete next week he
talks about it and there's also um the
repository this is sort of like
relatively old package I don't know how
much it works
[Music]
do you see this look at this
what's going on did you see that it's
flickering yeah what is it sorry I don't
know
maybe we should use
play
but we don't have a converter
I don't have a converter yeah
all right I think it's fine that's
pretty annoying
what if you turn off the streaming would
I fix it no definitely not that has
nothing to do with this
do you want to try HDMI 2
.
I feel like it's just
let me hear it like oh it's just trash
it's fine
try doing USBC
what do you mean I am this takes you oh
really yeah do you have a USBC cable
yeah
wait this is a USBC cable I just use
this yeah good idea oh that's beautiful
yeah oh that might work let's try that
as a cables this will also this is
probably has more data
this the USBC always does data though
right yeah it always says data I think
that some are different
me too just try it though
kind of hard to find but it's definitely
there
is another
is it it is
it not this
maybe it's that one right
I'm pretty sure this one doesn't
yeah I'm really sorry because that's
okay I'm gonna try
too
I suspect that
yeah it probably wouldn't make a
difference though
I think it has more to do with this
thing than anything else
it's fine let's try it
this doesn't work we gotta switch
especially this one because this is USBC
I mean I want to make you use the the
one you don't like to use there that's
fine okay wait uh how do we switch the
noise
we just need to switch [__]
but it says we're on HDMI one oh maybe
yeah we switched it to two all right
this is not gonna work
all right well we'll see there it is it
flickered if it did yeah
if I was like this
just kind of curious
dude interesting
I'm gonna switch yeah yeah dude that
would be huge yeah
dude I love that you're about to set up
though like optimizing the work yeah the
space man it's so important
yeah but we should switch to the chairs
too so let me just move that one over
all right here you go
dude this desk is so [__] iPhone yeah
I love this desk this makes me real
happy
let's see what's going on let's try so
this is just your whole dock right does
this connect display too it's USBC or
that and then what you want to do is
just plug this in okay it should be that
simple wait you don't even know you
don't need it I just can plug this part
of that this is already plugged in
this yeah yeah it is all right let's see
what's going on here
the USBC is the only way [__] everything
else yeah I know for real like
nice this is looking fan [__] test am
I seeing a flicker nope nope yeah
I'm telling you this yeah it's
definitely this man
yeah it's definitely Joyce's adapter
I think it's the adapter you know maybe
it's just not meant to do that
yeah uh okay uh
this is my charger perfect
guys with such a [__] six setup you
have no idea dude really yeah it's
actually pretty anchoring uh in a bad
way to have a desktop but
um yeah something great about large
screens dude absolutely yeah so just
imagine no how can I ever move you know
hahaha
oh man
okay fine so we pre-compiled it let's
clip this and try that [__] again
dude this display looks so nice it's
right it's it's so nice
[__]
what
it was a pretty compelling revised
looks pretty stupid when it comes to
displays
why is it pretty compelled
foreign
this
oh wow okay cool
so there's about 400 000 toilets
nice
let me get my phone yeah thanks isn't
this such that I love this I love the
dark mode you got going on here too dude
thanks man yeah
foreign
nice
wait osm might be something else that's
a
nice
cool they have an open street map
Discord dude
this is how we'll get to know everyone
actually I don't want to open the
description
um
Discord is like where all the online
communities are really yeah it's
actually amazing the level of
come on
just me
thank you
foreign
hello
so fast
there's two different things open stream
maps and OBS yes I know I think the O is
four open so you said open open
broadcast yeah
I'll press streaming
yeah
yeah oh connected connect account see if
that works
[Music]
connected account yeah you need to make
a twitch
really is that a problem
no you can you can also stream to
YouTube but I can show you my stats
twitch is like
way better for like
what we're doing yeah
it's so beautiful
check this out I just added this utility
to my Julia startup it's super annoying
that I always forget like I always have
to go to Chrome and then find the repo
now I just do this and it opens it up
because wait how'd you what did you do I
like I like wrote this function that
goes to my startup that I give it the
name of a repo and then it opens it up
ah if it's sick because it's super I'm
trying to find I'm trying to dig down
into this bug that I'm getting about
this and I have this utility called WME
which allows me to it copy something to
my clipboard here look at that so this
copies this to my clipboard which is my
the state of my system at the current
time so that they can reproduce
everything but I want to make it even
better where it fills out like the whole
issue for me because
following issues end up taking a long
time and if I have the uh
trace and the uh exception
no
um
foreign
I'm ready to work now
all right I'm done with this stupid
project okay I'm opening up the free to
pee thing on my
it's time to work
and cool [__]
oh interesting okay they have a code of
conduct for automated edits
um nice
foreign
let's do live share
then we don't have to worry about merge
conflicts
um
okay
uh yeah because you're gonna need a pull
anyways yeah you should pull anyways but
uh okay
[__] me I'm gonna do that
why I do that okay
let's see what changes I made
oh yeah you may not have changes I
didn't make any changes okay
well
the live share share
um oh cool suggested context oh it
allows me to invite email
that's not that cool I just wanna
do this
do you have the stream up
no I'm not comfortable yet I was
streaming
why not I kind of like just
I don't want to be famous like
such a lot it's so captain
doesn't most cap that you've ever said
but also it's like not accurate dude
like
you remember the GitHub [__] posting
dude like
you want like I know that you want to
see all the funny [__] that you did
myself I guess I guess I can make the
account private but that's not open
source
yeah actually okay here's here's a trial
run this is what I was doing for a while
start OBS and hit record
and then you get in the mindset
of what it's like to work with something
watching
sounds very pleasant but it's private
no but I mean
so how do you hit record so start
recording
yes you need to add a display basically
guess so click the plus here here yeah
now uh display and then this display
I already see that
uh probably
you will you can do screen capture and
video capture it looks like since you're
on Linux there's two different ways of
doing screen capture
uh I don't know what the difference is
it's probably the same okay yeah you
should click here
oh yeah and then you click yep
okay interestingly it didn't show up
though
oh wait I think you need to
that is it right
that's not like this one
hold on
um
no I wouldn't change it uh give me a sec
see this thing up here though
try to like drag it oh you have to
select it again it's Illinois
oh actually actually oh wait click
cancel
right click OK or whatever right click
this thing uh there should be a
transform
uh fit to screen
nice
okay interestingly it's still black
though
dude this is worth setting up don't like
get frustrated because
no words oh try the try the other screen
capture so right click on that and just
delete it yeah
oh beautiful huh
nice that those defaults are good
okay now now click plus again do video
capture
as a video one of them we're somewhere
in here
video capture device yeah
click that click on that
click yeah
okay
boom dude it's kind of cool all right
click ok
is gonna be though
not not too much and I can like position
this yeah and you can yeah and that's
what I was saying about the radio show
thing is you have buttons to like switch
scenes so you're gonna have profiles of
scenes and everything I should actually
update my OBS some OBS 27 and 29 looks
really good
damn
I wish they had an auto update so if I
stop recording so it says record saved
to here let's see
oh that should that should work that'd
be a nice feature
I think actually if you go to like View
uh
uh it's one of these things allows you
just quickly open up your uh your
recordings but uh
show recordings there you go
um
and you can change in the settings where
you get saved so I have an OBS folder
and it just saves all my recordings and
you know what's super useful about this
whenever I hit a bug at work I'll just
record a little thing and upload the
thing to the GitHub issue so that people
can see what I'm facing it's dude it's
really useful
interesting
oh you know what that was though that
was the one where we didn't have a thing
enabled maybe yeah do I try to do it
again
oh and go to your settings and change
the default yeah
it's probably yeah
Party City videos
oh
hey what was that warning what was I
missed it
oh you used to snap sensitivity oh [__]
recordings cannot be positive recording
quality except the same as stream
now you're recording now cool
if we start
I wonder if it's your encoding
[Music]
um
try to open up a vs code
this good as a player at least for MP4
it as a player
but it's MKV yeah I know I know it's a
Gamble
nah okay
let me see what my settings are
no I saved MKV as well
I'm surprised you don't have a VLC on
here
that's a that's a
core uh
all right so you ready to invite us or
what
look at this what
this is like old
openstream Maps has a public list of all
blocked users
amazing this is actually so funny
everything is open even the people they
ban which is actually probably something
that should be
you know
uh open because lots of companies just
like are very private about how they ban
because public companies are afraid to
admit that people pee never forget that
guys
oh man they have a state of the map
address every year
we gotta watch that state of the map
dude that's so funny
and most of the talk is why you
shouldn't do them about the problems
with them are but I will also tell you
you shouldn't do them interesting I
might also be talking a little bit this
is 2016 though I I think that what is an
automatically mechanical edit now most
people think when I say um automatic
edit um
test for an API and normally you have an
editor like josomal the ID editor and
then have a human being sitting in front
of the editor and doing something with
that and people tend to think that this
is normal editing and automated editing
is if you don't have a normal editor but
you have a bot robot script the program
that changes something uh in the API and
that's why we have started using the
term mechanical edits instead of
automated edits because what we want to
say is you can do such a mechanical edit
even with the editor software even as a
human being what I mean by this is
anyone who's ever in my time at
University I think I copied maybe 20 30
books out of xerox machine right like
this guy in the photo and it can be a
very very uh mind-numbing thing to do to
copy a 500 page book and you take the
book Turn the Page put it on again put
this is a task that is being done by a
human being and not by robot but it's
still kind of mechanical and without
thinking and that's basically what we
mean when we say mechanical edits um any
edit in openstream that you make without
looking at the individual thing that you
edit is what we call a mechanical edit
um I'll give you some examples later on
there's uh there's an automated code of
conduct uh edit code of conduct in the
open Twitter Wiki that explains uh what
you should be doing if you plan to make
such an edit the most important thing is
discuss your plans beforehand because
mostly when people attempt ultimate edit
some or mechanical that something goes
wrong and they and they have unintended
consequences discussing your plans
beforehand will at least mitigate those
unintended consequences because you'll
have another couple pairs of eyes that
look at what you're planning to do and
that may tell you hey are you really
sure this is a good idea so here's an
example this is just a screenshot and
let's imagine that you open your jaws
editor and you find a rectangle here and
you see there's lots of buildings here
but this is not color the same as the
other buildings why because it has
attacks called building equals yes and
building is spelled with a capital B now
tagging this case sensitive and open
stream map so the editor or the render
will not recognize foreign
[Music]
the next day you think hey I've run the
tag info query and I found out that
there are 55 other objects in openstream
attacked with capital B building equals
yes why not change them all to lowercase
b certainly it's a good idea I mean with
the capital B it's useless it's wrong it
doesn't work so let me change them all
and let me help open stream map
um if you do that without looking at the
individual things you might create all
sorts of problems for example imagine if
someone has drawn a building in that in
that place has tactic with a capital B
accidentally uh notice that there was
something wrong because it didn't appear
on the map later on
who
so the last speaker in this um latest
ones
there you go
again
we'll we'll see how that goes when I
when I'm talking about those data model
what I'm talking about is that that
knows the ways the relations the how we
spoke about coordinates um that we have
tags that we have versions change that
that's that's what I mean with data
model
um what I'm what I'm uh not I'm going to
talk about is the details of tagging the
stuff that you heard in the last talk
about
um which exact tag to use for that thing
or that other thing that's uh pretty
much outside the scope uh of what I'm
talking about I'll talk about a little
bit later on but you'll be
um so um the awesome data model uh that
has been around that that we use now has
been around for a long time in the
beginning um the latest version of the
API came out in 2009 there wasn't
changes and then in 2009 but since then
we basically have not changed anything
about sort of the underlying um uh data
model that strategies and um that that's
the question of whether this is also
perfect that we didn't have to change
anything and I think it's rather
unlikely
um that a fast-moving project like osm
um that you couldn't find anything to
make it better uh in in more than a
decade um I've been talking about this
we've been talking about this for a long
time the um wiki page for AP before the
API uh uh 0.7 was created in December
2009 so in the same year the last
version was released and since then um
we have talked about it but we haven't
done anything
um I've talked about this um already in
2013 I've talked about areas that we
want to have areas or polygons or
something as a proper data type um I've
talked about it uh not too far from here
in Milano uh in 2018 that I wanted to
change things um and I'm talking about
here again there's a lot of issues
there's um many many things that people
have proposed that we could change all
that we might want to change and there's
a lot of ideas uh vlogging around for
this not a clear understanding sort of
exactly what the scope is
um or for all the different issues what
exactly are people going to change
everybody has their pet projects and
ideas there and I'm I'm no section
obviously I have also lots of pet
projects in that in that area
um so I we have talked about it we have
not done anything like that I think
that's just because M has been so
successful we didn't have the time to
step back and think about this in a more
structured way and and then actually
Mount Project that's a bigger project
like that that will actually change
things so we've always put these big
picture ideas onto the side and I think
we should stop doing that we should
tackle this now
um and um yeah
um
again I want to mention this is still
obviously somewhat subjective I
collected this um other people would
have come up with different kinds of
lists I've been working with ozone for a
long time so I think I've seen a few
things but I'm sure there are others and
it does not mean we have another really
cool time default speed limits that's
interesting this is a very good case for
us because
we want to we want to do inference on
bathroom status
okay
talk to me and talk about us and uh to
move this format
um
some of the issues that came up I
consider to be out of scope really of
this thing if it goes too far into
tagging for instance
um for some we definitely not have any
solutions people would like a pony but
we can't deliver that I have no idea how
to do that so um maybe we should stick
to those things maybe have at least a
big idea how to actually Implement that
um in some ideas would change in my
opinion osm in such a fundamental way
um that I don't think that's something
we want we still want this open tagging
and a lot of things that make obviously
not great
um so um not too many changes and not
too fast obviously this is still an
evolution then we have to find so what
is it the most important thing to work
on what could be the next steps and then
you can see where we are and develop
from there
um
uh but yeah we can still discuss uh
obviously any any uh idea that that's
out there so for example issue about a
few years oh I have not solved uh where
nobody else where we don't have a good
idea how to solve them um one is the
logic identity that's that comes up a
lot is um how can we have stable IDs how
can we have an object a restaurant or
something and that would never change
its ID as long as this restaurant exists
so this is a very uh request we see very
often um but I think it needs a lot of
large changes to our thinking about data
model and I don't think exactly that to
do that we have a very different idea
idea of what an idea is compared to a
point data which starts out within with
an idea of this this object um that this
real world object while we um are not
really working with realizing we're
working real world obviously we're
working with geometric objects all
objects are basically sort of some kind
of geometry that is connected or part of
or stands for a real world object but
that's that's a bit different
um and uh also the the different people
asking for the table I just have
different ideas what exactly they want
so this is something I think that needs
more discussion before we can solve that
um and I think many can many of us the
problems can be solved with tax so maybe
that's not something
um that we can solve now um which brings
me to the tag lights um this this comes
up all the time of course um tags are
getting more and complicated so we've
seen the last two talks in the session
we're already talking about this um and
so there's always a question of whether
attacks should have some more structure
to them in some way shape or form and
it's unclear what that is so um there's
many many issues here so start back stop
yeah that makes
sense
foreign
this is the repo that you need to learn
about and it's in JavaScript it's in
typescript so this is what
basically drives map this is the map
complete repo
so this is an editor for openstreetmap
and this contains the view on toilets
are you doing this now
well not really I mean or is it just so
that you have refresh your memory on
basically how to do this yeah it's so I
can learn next JS again
that makes sense
yeah I need some water
foreign
how do you get this call yeah
so they have a review API I just went
off off mute so just be aware I'm muted
for the call obviously
I appreciate that
I guess I wasn't like putting anything
but still
I just do it by default
hey but re read this look
this is a this is the uh this is the
like definition of this is why map
complete works
you have to transfer all of your yeah
yeah everything and it's like not a good
situation because like when Amazon
suspends your account like terminates it
it's like
it's locked
you could you could put volume on again
if you want yeah Oh you mean places or
like micro microphone on oh I did yeah
okay yeah yeah so so basically when they
terminate your account it's I mean it's
not
I don't why are we doing this aw this
thing I mean like oh no I need to get
Cloud access
for what
um
welcome in this talk about memories so
in this talk I would like to tell you
what my computer is about the first few
events a few things
which
oh okay they recently in April of 2022
they added some Json endpoints but not
all oh wow they just link to the poor
Quest that's crazy actually
Ricky they just linked to the
okay so what do you want me to start
looking at I'm like I'm around oh you
ready you're back in yeah all right so I
want you to just look up the readme for
map complete and I just want you to read
it okay look up map complete yeah right
here oh No Just in Google it'll come up
here uh the third one the GitHub just
read the readme I want you to just say
what you think about this okay
and look at the design goals
mm-hmm
so what I'm trying to
figure out right now is how do we just
because if you go to map complete
toilets open the open Toilet map we
should somewhere be able to just
download okay so actually here's one
thing that I found that's kind of
interesting is there's this there's this
thing called tag info that uh is
basically a collection of these these
views and this is the basically the the
tag info description of open Toilet map
and it's just a Json file of basically
the tags and what they want
um so this is like the specification of
like here I'll go to map complete so you
can see what I'm talking about
um I really like to pee yeah I'm sorry
bro it's uh it's fitting for the task at
hand yeah
full-time support and so we typically
pretty much
Italy
which is so you can see it shows it asks
a few questions
ability to change those values and last
but not least you can add a picture even
though there's already picture but it's
kind of funny
nutshell no
um
well during the first one I don't hear
another I got a somewhat fake email from
development and they wanted to create
something to create source to get people
out something with nature and first and
put it also should have a root plan
information pictures reviews
and you could add a few questions so it
was really basic
um yeah I guess interestingly you would
also want users to be able to ask
questions that could be responded to and
then serialized down in the structured
data because like oh does this place
need a key like
I mean that one you could just like
I don't know you could get more if you
also allowed people to ask what queries
you might want to listen to me and from
there once we don't know it was pretty
much success so I know we have over four
thousand chains made by 400 over 600
computers for the 20 success
so you can clearly see the change in the
marketing and to make jumps here so yeah
that was already discussed also the
first theme for nature results 17 for
default it's like defended they had a
small map and everything means
and during open summer of codes
um that's a yearly event by open average
a team of students creates something
open source for some client SQL fix was
developed um
I think over five minutes
some of them are official teams made by
other people and there's even a whole
bunch of uh beneficially so learned a
lot of things so some of the things I
learned pregnancy works better all the
steam that's online and that kind of
improvements and contributors and
something that everyone realizes also my
content style is like let's switch it
out and better fuse small changes per
day then one big change that takes
months to develop uh furthermore um
they love it because it is a way to
easily maintain and contribute to their
data also especially in particular
agencies we have like six or seven of
them
all the data together to let all those
organizations
so it's really cool to see so much
response from Community
um there are even only a few Forks
running uh with different things uh so
it's also something that's pretty cool
and um Community works pretty well I'm
also trying to build a small company
community so there's a telegram group
where people working with gather where
hence all right foreign
um the last thing that I learned uh
probably is that Integrity is decent so
if the team is a mobile recorded the
questions are clear then we see that
edits are good that's decent database
added a few issues I've seen is that
some people created that again after
adding a friendly or running hey this is
anymore I also didn't see anything yet
which is also great however there is
people at least want their music they
cannot create three points they are
asked to read their messages first
before editing new ones so if you see
someone adding lots of new points
um
better sometimes but I'm planning to
make a decoration a bit sometimes will
also be fixed
this is what I learned in the last year
while building
I learned a lot of them
Okay so
dude I thought it was like a
90 chance will be on dude come on
all right so this is sick I'm cooking
dinner tonight though I actually have to
leave you do yeah oh [__] I'm gonna I'm
gonna leave it like uh like eight okay
to see Hannah yeah okay
um
okay so here I got I got the toilet map
on my phone but it does not seem I mean
I don't know why I didn't do this a long
time ago but it doesn't seem like
there's any ability to sort I mean it
has my like it like it located to me so
this is like an open map this is a
street map just running on my phone but
it's filtered with bathrooms but there's
no way to sort by
distance so that would be the first
thing that we just need to do is like
I don't know I guess
figure out how this is working and then
just allow us to print out
the address or the name or basically no
print out the nodes sorted by distance
to my
location
okay yeah that's a good first step and
I'm pretty sure that this website this
is just a typescript app this is the
website running okay so you're you're on
the website yeah so if you just go to
mapcomplete.osm.be
uh
you can run it
map that map just map complete you can
just search for it
foreign
this one here
cool
and then you click open map
and they have all the oauth stuff
handled for us so everyone will just log
in with their open street map stuff
they have what do you mean open street
map log in with openstreetmap so you
make an accountable open street map and
you can contribute through that oh and I
can use a third party to login
oh yeah perfect
all right
how is this already done like this is
the whole app well yeah except for the
social media I mean there's already like
you have an account though
is that demotivating
not really no
I feel like there's still a lot to be
done like if you look up the chains I
had to change slugs the chain Set uh
a little buggy
exactly
yeah okay so they have so they have a
tool called osm cha which is the chain
set the change set and if you look at
this
look at look at how often
uh this thing gets updated
like this thing rarely gets
gets updated
like
people do not contribute to this is
nearly as much as they could
like three days ago the couple
realization tool yeah but it's the
changelog it's it's the validation and
the change log sorry
um
but yes I mean if you go to open yeah
I'm gonna go buy here maybe this will
make it better
yeah you can look at the latest edits
which is pretty cool
you can and this actually
so someone added
oh look see someone added that that
there's that there's a hand washing
thing and a toilet access so you're just
gonna source
oh yeah yeah
sorry to defron you no no it's all good
what is this little icon mean oh thank
you
thank you
see interestingly though they have bands
for users but they don't have
reputations for users you could add that
yeah so it can wait well that's that's
the
that's the annoying thing it's like well
we can have an internal reputation but I
don't know
okay
sure
we could have an internal reperto
reputation I mean we still post it
public but it wouldn't be part of the
osm database
this is so cool
they're user Diaries yeah dude I showed
you that
I've showed you my diary entry oh my God
has like been peeing a lot at Chipotle
lately oh my gosh oh my God this is
amazing
I'm in
your God mate
you already had me
map complete sounds like NP complete
The Click login with openstreetmap
it's so easy
oh dude let's go
so we just have to contribute in some
ways yeah well that's what I said is
this is pretty much just uh making it
this map uh you know 10xing the number
of nodes that have toilet attributes
I see what you mean like this is not how
I envisioned our app yeah like it's not
centered around it's social let's turn
it around social media or needing to pee
yeah the meme ass set is just not there
yeah like you should have a current piss
score like
you know we have to take this a little
bit further yeah definitely yeah
um
okay so one thing to figure out is I
don't know how to actually download we
should use this as the back end though
and Pro in this part is the front end
yeah
damn this is gonna be hard as [__] why
because it's an existence these are just
like a lot of features yeah
what's a place that we know the code to
Cafe Nero
uh the code was yeah three zero three
five or something so wait so let's just
skip this question
let's get this question skip this
question so there's all of these
interestingly I
think that they don't actually
allow you
to give the code
that's so funny that the internet access
actually tells you like it's WLAN not
just like it tells you like what
that's cool
I just contributed
he did that felt really good
like this is a bug
if I can make a PR fix this
you know let's do that
I'm not going to Fork it
I'm gonna just pull it
you know well you can just Fork it when
you do ghpr create
I just need to rename this to not Julia
to uh
yeah I forgot to do that
okay
so what are you saying
no nothing I was just saying that like
when like it creates the fork for you
implicitly when you make the pr through
the command line
wow
oh wow Hey look
yeah oh my God that was reflected really
quickly actually that's so cool
wow oh come on this is great okay all
right you got me a little yeah I'm in
the problem is it's yeah it's not very
structured like
okay so like here's the definition of
let me let me pull up the VS go chat we
got the chat in here yeah gotta get the
chat
uh session chat damn this is a pretty
big repo
it's kind of annoying
how many commits does it have on it
seven thousand
oh okay so there is a there is a way to
propose
new features
okay cool
oh cool okay
oh geez
hmm
foreign
I do wonder about the legal issues here
though like I wonder if we're not
allowed to add codes for some reason
I don't see anything about that but I
computer at the bottom
oh wow
foreign
hmm
map complete 150. 150 which is like yeah
very low huh
it's interesting that since it's so open
it's like also really distributed like
the projects are just all over the place
just tons of random people that's cool
it is cool
leaflet rendered it
what is that I don't know Geo Json
though
I've heard of that
is loaded from overpass the data is then
have you read this architecture section
no but I'm looking at the overpass API
right now I'm sure yeah what is it uh
it's here read this part of it unlike
the Mania PA which is optimized for
editing the overpass apis for consuming
lots of elements for read access like
that I see
foreign
hmm
okay so I think the the first thing to
do that's actually worth doing is uh
making an API
call to openstreetmap
given our location
and then filter for because I think that
that is all we actually
to do
so let's make a fork of this and put it
into free to feed Repository
uh yeah let me make you owner I'll make
you own our city oh you've already
forked it no I haven't I'm saying like
uh you won't be able to Fork it into
that org until I give you honor access
right so let me just do that and you can
just do it yourself
okay you should be under now
okay
nice
okay we got the Clone
oh it should only take a few seconds
nice
dude why wouldn't we just pull clone it
and then make our own branch and push to
it like why would you Fork it I I don't
think there's necessarily a reason to
Fork it
I mean at least not now until we have
like a like
the only reason you'd Fork it is to make
a pull request like we're not gonna
maintain a fork of map complete
well we couldn't make a PR though yeah
that's what I'm saying but why would we
just pull map complete and then make a
branch that's what we should do yeah
instead of making a fork yeah is once
you submit the pr then it makes a fork
and it only makes a fork because we
don't have right access to that repo
oh so we would have made a PR to the
branch that we don't have right access
on or oh I guess we don't have right
access to any of the branches on that
repost yeah so we don't have but that's
why G8 when you do ghpr create it checks
if you have access and this says do you
want to make a four if you don't have if
you don't and then it just does it I see
yeah
yeah but you should still change
branches you should still make your own
Branch because then that Branch gets
migrated to the uh oh yeah oh they're
calling me back
caution uh we uh we're on mute yeah
see I am on the the stream five now yeah
yeah right older me would be like
why why are we even recording ourselves
that's scary
oh interesting there's a bathroom here
but we don't know I have see dude this
is a good one we should like we should
like venture out on stream and be like
yo because we're going to this uh Whole
Foods right here dude I might as well
see if this thing is open dude let's go
that's such good content dude that's
good all right let's get the [__] out of
here okay oh that's so good and I have
enough charge I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
live oh wow my apps eased up hold up
okay wait actually I wanna I wanna make
a PR here
um
uh what was it called overpass
okay
so this is
what the [__] is this right
what's up I wonder what this is written
in like the framework light
all right
where do you see packages
there we go
yeah it's invite
what the hell is white what
dude it's probably like the free BSD of
JavaScript Frameworks that's crazy man I
don't know what it is but CSV email a b
c d e f g where nah wow oh boy
oh boy
I gotta learn to fight
invite next Generation front into like
my ass
dude what
GitHub
what do you think about that
oh my god look how many requests it's
made
oh wow
wait can you screw yeah yeah see how
it's all just to node yeah yeah it's
just a bunch of different nodes but my
God it's like that feel that can't be
that can't be efficient interesting yeah
yeah
I'm gonna make this piece Centric
hold on yeah we gotta make this piece
Andrew
using a pretty sophisticated algorithm
for recommendation
we might want to keep this under wraps
you put this in your git ignore
contact personally
all right to dip yeah I'm just about to
make the pr
cool all right I'm ready to
stream